okay so we're trying something a little
bit different for whatever reason have
suspended yeast inside night beer and
see it floating around in there I don't
know why it happened it just did so when
I first bought all my equipment I got a
free coupon to rent a wine filter so
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna filter my
beer a keg so it doesn't matter about
getting rid of the yeast or anything so
about some filter pads number one which
is course filtration because I heard if
you do anything more fine you just get
foam coming out so here we go I'm you're
just going to get this set up and we'll
start filtering my beer I gotta get my
kegs all clean and everything - all
right so I'll come back once I get all
that done all right for anyone who
hasn't seen one of these basically just
get a line goes into the pump the pump
goes through here through a couple pads
a few pads and come
here into whatever cake is you got one
starless is rented so I really got us
sterilizing so it's true
okay I'll get back to you want some
doing the beer alright so I have all my
kegs all sanitized ready to go
this was the cleanest beer so I'm gonna
start with it first this is the dirtiest
one has got all these clumps of shit
here so that'll be the last one these
little pumps need like a break after
every carboy for like 45 minutes to an
hour so that kind of sucks I don't want
that paid 75 bucks to replace the motor
so I can't have use it so let's get this
going alright since working hard here
I've already got one done here
Phil train dear
we gotta be real careful enough I should
get any sediment to hear or plug your
filters off the bat in your hoot
here's this pump I gave it a little bit
of a break while I washed out this
carboy sprinted so
now push it a little bit beyond its
limits but I don't actually break it so
give it a little
still actually get some extra food good
to go
filtering beer everyone it can be done
still make sure this is pretty tighter
than get the famous detail all right so
we're on the last part of this
you know
we need something to hear
this one is
Oh
that's two inside my kegerator
I just gotta put some pressure on him
but I'll wait until I'm done because I
don't want to be juggling around with my
co2 tank on it but okay what's rings go
and I'm pushing this
okay so since this is a rental I do have
to clean started putting some water in
there and aspersion it clean
it's all County treating their the storm
drain their thoughts on how anybody's
gonna feel there's the payoff oh yeah
til next time everybody see you later